oh yeah
what is up I'm Ethan your real-life
English fluency coach and I am back with
another dynamite lesson from friends in
this week's scene we actually have a
special guest Brad Pitt's who along with
Ross in high school created an I hate
Rachel fanclub so as you can imagine
this turns out pretty hilarious before
we start though I wanted to let you know
that we have a special present for you
it's a free six page PDF power lesson
you can download that right now by
clicking the link above and in it we
will help you take your comprehension to
the very highest level with the scene by
teaching you a lot more vocabulary slang
native pronunciation grammar it's so
much more be sure to get that right now
and this is actually a part two from
this scene you can find part one on the
English is fun Channel and you can also
click here to go watch that right now so
what I would recommend you do is hit
pause now go and download that free
lesson and go watch part one on English
is fun then come back here and we'll
jump into the lesson oh yeah for mobile
users activate English subtitles by
clicking on the three dots on the upper
right from desktop click the CC symbol
on the bottom right that's it
even if nobody helps me I can eat that
no problem at least give me a challenge
this is Chandler's chicken
this is the turkey
how big is that good 19 pounds it's like
me when I was born
all right who would like some yams will
oh you'd like that wouldn't you
what oh you know what can we please keep
the chicken and the turkey and
everything on the other side of the
table the smell is just yeah I'm sorry
what I said it was typical typical of
you Rachel green Queen Rachel does
whatever she wants in a little Rachel
land Susie who is this guy I'm sorry do
you have a problem with me I don't know
do I do I I think you do
apparently you were a little mean to him
in high school a little mean you made my
life miserable
I'm sorry had no idea I'm sorry I well
you should be screw it bring on the yams
but you've worked so hard
well I'm I just want to say that I'm
real sorry for whatever I did to you in
high school it wasn't just name we had a
club you had a club that's right yeah I
hate Rachel Green a club oh my god so
what you all just join together to hate
me who else was in this club me and Ross
no need to point she knows who Ross's
so you were in an I hate Rachel Club yes
he was no no so who else was in this
club actually there was also that
exchange student from Thailand but I
don't think he knew what it was so Ross
we went out for two years and you never
told me you were in an I hate Rachel
Club you went out with her we had a pact
that was in high school it's not like it
was binding forever then why did it have
the word eternity in it okay Monica did
you know about this I swear I didn't
hey isn't that what you guys used to go
up to your bedroom and lock the door
yeah a little relieved I got to say look
Rachel I'm sorry okay I I was a stupid
kid okay the only reason I joined
co-founded co-founded co-founded the
club was that I was insanely in love
with you obviously I didn't handle it
very well but if you think about it the
I hate Rachel Club was really the I love
Rachel Club except that it was really
the I hate Rachel Club
[Music]
this is the turkey turkey a large
domesticated bird kept on farms for its
meat turkey is also the name of the meat
well the smell is just yuck used to
express disgust people often say this
when they find something dirty ugly or
disgusting
for example yuck what's that horrible
smell typical coughing a word under your
breath like will did when he said
typical is a way to communicate in a
subtle and passive-aggressive way
something about somebody else apparently
you were a little mean to him in high
school a little mean you made my life
miserable to be mean a mean person is
someone who is cruel or unkind to be
mean to someone means to treat them
unkindly or in an unfriendly way for
example the bully was mean to the Nerds
in the school miserable very unhappy for
example he felt miserable after his
divorce
screw it bring on the yams screw it a
rude way to say forget about something
or someone kind of like a dismissive
whatever I don't care a stronger more
rude way to say this would be [ __ ] it
for example sometimes you just have to
say screw it to whatever people think
and live your life bring on something
used to tell someone to bring something
but more enthusiastically or vigorously
for example bring on the champagne and
let's celebrate we had a club yeah we
had a club you had a club actually there
was also that exchange student from
Thailand but I don't think he knew what
it was exchange student a student at a
school or university that comes from
another country so Ross we went out for
two years and you never told that you
were in an I hate Rachel Club to go out
with someone to be in a romantic
relationship with someone you went out
with her you went out
you went out with her we had a pact that
was in high school it's not like it was
binding forever pact an agreement
between two people or groups of people
for example they made a pact to share
binding used to describe an agreement
that must be honoured for example the
contract is legally binding did you know
about this did you know this did you
know about this a little relieved I got
to say relieved to be happy because
something difficult or implant has not
happened or has ended for example I was
relieved to hear the surgery had been a
success in this scene Monica feels
relieved that she now knows the reason
that will and Ross locked themselves in
his room this is a relief because what
she used to think is that maybe they
were gay look Rachel I'm sorry okay I I
was a stupid kid okay the only reason I
joined co-founded co-founded co-found to
found is to begin or create a group
organization movement etc to co-found is
to do the same but with the help and
support of a partner in this scene Ross
and will co-founded the I hate Rachel
Green Club obviously I didn't handle it
very well
handle when we talk about a difficult
situation handle is how we react and
approach that situation for example it
was a tricky situation but he handled it
like a champ alright so we haven't
finished quite yet what I would like you
to do now is to go back to the beginning
and watch that scene again without
subtitles you're going to understand so
much more it will be incredible and be
sure to get today's free PDF power
lesson just click here to get that also
subscribe to learn English with TV
series so you can get free awesome
lessons like this which will make your
English so much more powerful every
single week just click here and if you
have not already I totally recommend you
go watch part 1 of this scene
on English is fun you'll find that here
right and I'll see you really soon
oh yeah